I'm going to show you how I use Warp to
code and specifically I'm gonna fix a
bug in Warp using Warp. So, a little bit
meta. This here is a developer build of
Warp that has this bug. You can see that
Warp has a model picker here. And we
have a setting which is not being
honored in this version of Warp, which
is this show model picker in prompt. I'm
going to go ahead and take a screenshot
of it so I can remember it. And then I'm
going to show you how I would fix this
bug using Warp. So, I'm going to go
ahead and quit this developer build, and
I am going to prompt Warp to fix the
bug. I'm going to do it using my voice
because I find that uh just faster than
typing a long prompt. If you want to use
voice to talk to Warp, you hit uh click
this microphone icon here. Once you've
clicked the first time, you can
configure a hotkey, which is how I'm
doing it. There is a bug where the
universal developer input is not
honoring the show model picker in prompt
setting. I'd like you to fix that bug
and also make sure that you are
listening for changes to the setting so
that when someone clicks or uncclicks
the checkbox, the uh developer input is
updated appropriately. Please take a
look at the attached screenshot and the
reference file when making this fix. So
I speak to warp and then there's various
ways of providing warp context to make
it work better. So one is attaching an
image. So I'm going to go ahead and
attach that screenshot that I just took.
A second is referencing files or
symbols. So here I'm going to reference
a file where I I think is relevant
called the universal developer input.
You can also, by the way, just put raw
URLs in here. You generally um you don't
have to reference files because Warp
will index your codebase and has various
search tools for finding the right
files.